[Music]
let me break it down welcome to the
Institute of perfection
remember only pretty dolls will meet
their perfect human match engineer slash
model boy Dolph model do you honestly
think your little band of sock puppets
stands a chance to you it's probably
better if you just go back where you
belong
are we really not good enough for the
big world you know what we're not going
anywhere they're all worth fighting for
to be honest a future
hard pass ooh ooh ooh another swing
isn't that right gibberish
nothing is gonna stop us now leave him
the loft cause he's going forever I'm
over here there's nothing we could have
done you do know that Lu is gonna make
it super hard for you well I say bring
it on Louis
oh my doll
[Music]